Previously, we
discussed how to create
a resume and what to expect
during an interview.
In this video, we're
going to cover
a few more things that
you need to do to
prepare for the interview
and that could help set
you apart as an excellent
candidate for the position.
Before the interview,
it's important to do
some research about
the organization you're
interviewing with.
Interviewers want to know
that you're a good match for
their team and that you value
the things that are
important to the company.
It's just as important
for you to decide
if the company
matches your values.
So make sure you know the organization's
mission and vision.
Understand their core
values and company culture.
This information is usually
easy to find either in
the job description or on
the "About" page of the
organization's website.
Think about why these values and
the company culture are
also important to you.
Then, practice how you will
communicate this to
potential employers.
Remember that you will not be
the only applicant
for the position.
Consider what sets you apart
from other candidates and
be prepared to emphasize
those qualities
during the interview.
What about your skills,
experience, or work ethic
make you the best match
for this position?
How do your goals align to the
goals of the organization?
You want the employer
to remember you
after they've interviewed
several candidates.
So highlight things that make
you the best candidate
for the role.
You also want to think about
the employer's perspective.
The organization has needs that
must be met by
filling the position.
They may have productivity
or compliance
goals. Or the team might be
growing because the
company is expanding.
Take some time to
think about what
the interviewer is
seeking in a candidate.
Then prepare yourself to state
directly how you can meet
the employer's needs.
The interviewer may have
reservations about
hiring you because
of your lack of experience
as a security analyst.
If this comes up
in the interview,
be prepared to address
any possible concerns by
speaking about your
strong work ethic.
This could include an ability
to learn quickly based on
feedback, or to collaborate
and communicate with others.
Also, you could discuss
having a security mindset,
or problem solving
skills that you've
developed from personal life,
work, or educational experiences.
Learning about the organization's
culture and mission and
preparing to
demonstrate how you can
add value to the
team are essential.
It's also a good idea to write
down questions that you can ask
the interviewer about
the organization's past
accomplishments and future goals.
This shows potential
employers that you've done
your research and care about
the organization's success.
Coming up, we'll discuss how to
build rapport with interviewers.